<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [NotFound][1]
*   [modes][2]
    *   [Parameters][3]
*   [type][4]
    *   [Parameters][5]
*   [type][6]
    *   [Parameters][7]
*   [type][8]
    *   [Parameters][9]
*   [type][10]
    *   [Parameters][11]
*   [RouterObj][12]
    *   [group][13]
        *   [Parameters][14]
    *   [groupGet][15]
        *   [Parameters][16]
    *   [get][17]
        *   [Parameters][18]
    *   [collapse][19]
        *   [Parameters][20]
    *   [collapseRec][21]
        *   [Parameters][22]
    *   [resolveProps][23]
        *   [Parameters][24]
    *   [resolve][25]
        *   [Parameters][26]
    *   [regexRoute][27]
        *   [Parameters][28]
*   [writable][29]
*   [error][30]
    *   [Parameters][31]
*   [error][32]
    *   [Parameters][33]
*   [text][34]
    *   [Parameters][35]
*   [text][36]
    *   [Parameters][37]
*   [text][38]
*   [message][39]
    *   [getMessage][40]
    *   [setMessage][41]
        *   [Parameters][42]
    *   [isMessageSet][43]
    *   [getMessageRef][44]
    *   [resetMessage][45]
*   [getErrorTypes][46]
*   [link][47]
    *   [Parameters][48]
*   [link][49]
    *   [Parameters][50]
*   [link][51]
    *   [Parameters][52]
*   [link][53]
*   [label][54]
    *   [Parameters][55]
*   [label][56]
    *   [Parameters][57]
*   [getDefaultMode][58]
*   [Beehives][59]
*   [Beehive][60]
*   [BeehiveAdd][61]
*   [BeehiveEdit][62]
*   [BeehiveToken][63]
*   [Calendar][64]
*   [Help][65]
*   [HomePage][66]
*   [Notification][67]
*   [Settings][68]
*   [Test][69]
*   [getCard][70]
    *   [Parameters][71]
*   [route][72]
*   [image][73]
    *   [Parameters][74]
*   [image][75]
    *   [Parameters][76]
*   [image][77]
    *   [Parameters][78]
*   [url][79]
*   [timeframeFrom][80]
    *   [Parameters][81]
*   [fetchUser][82]
*   [value][83]
    *   [Parameters][84]
*   [value][85]
    *   [Parameters][86]
*   [placeholder][87]
    *   [Parameters][88]
*   [getData][89]
    *   [Parameters][90]
*   [onClick][91]
    *   [Parameters][92]
*   [onClick][93]
    *   [Parameters][94]
*   [onClick][95]
    *   [Parameters][96]
*   [getErrorMessageByType][97]
    *   [Parameters][98]
*   [small][99]
    *   [Parameters][100]
*   [small][101]
    *   [Parameters][102]
*   [cardStates][103]
    *   [Parameters][104]
*   [svg][105]
*   [imagePosition][106]
    *   [Parameters][107]
*   [reload][108]
*   [name][109]
    *   [Parameters][110]
*   [name][111]
    *   [Parameters][112]
*   [addEventListener][113]
*   [clickType][114]
    *   [Parameters][115]
*   [baseRoute][116]
*   [fallbackCopyTextToClipboard][117]
    *   [Parameters][118]
*   [navigate][119]
    *   [Parameters][120]
*   [formId][121]
    *   [Parameters][122]
*   [required][123]
    *   [Parameters][124]
*   [updateSettings][125]
    *   [Parameters][126]
*   [foreignLink][127]
*   [action][128]
*   [options][129]
    *   [Parameters][130]
    *   [Examples][131]
*   [inline][132]
    *   [Parameters][133]
*   [inline][134]
    *   [Parameters][135]
*   [theme][136]
    *   [Parameters][137]
*   [selected][138]
*   [navigateWithPrefix][139]
    *   [Parameters][140]
*   [component][141]
    *   [Parameters][142]
*   [collapsed][143]
*   [onCardStatesModified][144]
    *   [Parameters][145]
*   [setRead][146]
    *   [Parameters][147]
*   [copyTextToClipboard][148]
    *   [Parameters][149]
*   [hasSubpages][150]
*   [isValidEmail][151]
    *   [Parameters][152]
*   [remove][153]
    *   [Parameters][154]
*   [getPropsBy][155]
    *   [Parameters][156]
    *   [Examples][157]
*   [isValidPasswordStrong][158]
    *   [Parameters][159]
*   [isValidPasswordMedium][160]
    *   [Parameters][161]
*   [isEmpty][162]
    *   [Parameters][163]
    *   [Examples][164]
*   [registerServiceWorker][165]
*   [onLoad][166]
    *   [Parameters][167]
*   [askPermission][168]
*   [getCookie][169]
    *   [Parameters][170]

## NotFound

This page is a default route

## modes

### Parameters

*   `modes` **[array][171]** Modes that card can be in

## type

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** Type attribute for the select, although not used in the template. Defaults to 'text'.

## type

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** Specifies the type of the input element (e.g., 'text', 'password'). Defaults to 'text'.

## type

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** css type of the button from styles.css

## type

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** css type of the button from styles.css

## RouterObj

Represents a Router object that manages and resolves site routes.

### group

Function sets a prefix for all other nested routes
prefix: /dashboard -> all other routes are ->  dashboard/something

#### Parameters

*   `prefix` **[string][172]** prefix of all other nested routes
*   `callback` **[function][173]** another nested routes belongs here

Returns **[boolean][174]**&#x20;

### groupGet

Function sets a prefix for all other nested routes
prefix: /dashboard -> all other routes are ->  dashboard/something

#### Parameters

*   `prefix` **[string][172]** prefix of all other nested routes
*   `component` **SvelteComponent** component to be on a "" route
*   `callback` **[function][173]** another nested routes belongs here

Returns **[boolean][174]**&#x20;

### get

Defines a leaf route

#### Parameters

*   `path`  route to target
*   `target` **svelteHTML** target svelte component that will be rendered

### collapse

Flattens a nested route structure into an array of routes.

#### Parameters

*   `routes` **[Object][175]** Nested routes object with paths as keys and values as page names or nested routes.

Returns **[Array][171]** Array of flattened routes with properties: `route` (full path) and `page` (associated page/component).

### collapseRec

Recursive part of collapse function, it flattens a nested route structure into an array of routes.

#### Parameters

*   `routes` **[Object][175]** Nested routes object with paths as keys and values as page names or nested routes.
*   `parent` **[string][172]** Current base path for nested routes. (optional, default `''`)

Returns **[Array][171]** Array of flattened routes with properties: `route` (full path) and `page` (associated page/component).

### resolveProps

Resolves the properties associated with a given site route.

#### Parameters

*   `siteRoute` **[string][172]** The route from the site to be resolved.

Returns **[Object][175]** An object containing properties related to the resolved route.
If the route is not found, an empty object is returned.

### resolve

Resolves the given site route to its associated page. If no match is found, returns the default page.

#### Parameters

*   `siteRoute` **[string][172]** The route from the site to be resolved.
*   `defaultPage` **svelteHTML** The default page to return if no matching route is found.

Returns **svelteHTML** The page/component associated with the given site route or the default page if not found.

### regexRoute

Function checks route against siteRoute and handles its special form
Example:
siteRoute: /dashboard/E8YRO897AS, route dashboard/\*

#### Parameters

*   `siteRoute` **[string][172]** currentRoute of the site
*   `route` **[string][172]** route to check againsts

Returns **[boolean][174]**&#x20;

## writable

This module provides utilities for routing and navigation within a Svelte application.
It exports a writable Svelte store (`route`) to keep track of the current route,
as well as helper functions to navigate programmatically.

## error

### Parameters

*   `error` **[String][172]** type of an error message from errors.js

## error

### Parameters

*   `error` **[String][172]** type of the card from error.js

## text

### Parameters

*   `text` **[string][172]** text of the button

## text

### Parameters

*   `text` **[string][172]** text of the button

## text

Display text for the panel item.

Type: [String][172]

## message

Set of message utility functions

### getMessage

Return a text of a message that was last set

Returns **[string][172]**&#x20;

### setMessage

sets a new message to be displayed

#### Parameters

*   `value`  {string}

### isMessageSet

Checks if any message is present

Returns **[boolean][174]**&#x20;

### getMessageRef

Returns a reference to writable object

Returns **[writable][29]**&#x20;

### resetMessage

Resets message to empty string

## getErrorTypes

Returns an array of error types with corresponding messages

## link

### Parameters

*   `link` **[string][172]** optional, if specified button will redirect before action

## link

### Parameters

*   `link` **[string][172]** optional, if specified button will redirect before action

## link

### Parameters

*   `link` **[string][172]** optional, if specified button will redirect before action

## link

URL for the navigation.

Type: ([String][172] | null)

## label

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][172]** Label to display above the select dropdown. Optional.

## label

### Parameters

*   `label` **[string][172]** Label to display above the input. Optional.

## getDefaultMode

Returns the default mode called 'default'

## Beehives

This page shows a list of all beekepers beehives

## Beehive

This page shows one beehive with its corresponding data

## BeehiveAdd

This page allows beekeper to add new beehives to their account with multiple options

## BeehiveEdit

This page shows edit options for a particular beehive

## BeehiveToken

This page provides one of the options to add new beehive with token

## Calendar

This page displays a calendar that hold important events for beekeepers

## Help

This page is for resolving user related problem and providing explanations

## HomePage

This page shows graphs and charts related to beehives and their data

## Notification

This page displays notifications from beehives

## Settings

This page handles general settings of the dashboard

## Test

Provides testing ground for new components

## getCard

this method will return title, span, position and other attributes of the element

### Parameters

*   `id` **any** of the card

## route

A writable Svelte store that holds the current application's route (path).
Initialized with the current window's location pathname.

## image

### Parameters

*   `image` **[string][172]** optional, if specified image will be displayed left to the text, image path + name located in folder static

## image

### Parameters

*   `image` **[string][172]** optional, if specified image will be displayed left to the text, image path + name located in folder static

## image

### Parameters

*   `image` **[string][172]** optional, if specified image will be displayed left to the text, image path + name located in folder static

## url

The URL or path to which the link should point within the SPA (Single Page Application).

Note: This is designed for JavaScript-based routing within the application.
If you wish to navigate outside the SPA or to an external link, consider using a regular `<a>` tag.

Type: [String][172]

## timeframeFrom

load data
Only usable on server side

### Parameters

*   `token` **any**&#x20;

## fetchUser

nacita pouzivatelove data zo servera

## value

### Parameters

*   `value` **([string][172] | [number][176])** The current value of the select dropdown.

## value

### Parameters

*   `value` **([string][172] | [number][176])** Current value of the input.

## placeholder

### Parameters

*   `placeholder` **[string][172]** Placeholder text for the input. Optional.

## getData

this method will return data for the card

### Parameters

*   `id` **any** of the card

## onClick

### Parameters

*   `onClick` **[function][173]** function when the button is clicked

## onClick

### Parameters

*   `onClick` **[function][173]** function when the button is clicked

## onClick

### Parameters

*   `onClick` **[function][173]** function when the button is clicked

## getErrorMessageByType

Returns message if error type exists

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** type of error message

## small

### Parameters

*   `small` **[string][172]** Small text to display above the select dropdown for extra information or description. Optional.

## small

### Parameters

*   `small` **[string][172]** Small text to display above the input for extra information or description. Optional.

## cardStates

### Parameters

*   `cardStates` **[Object][175]** the card states of the card

## svg

Path for the icon of the panel item.

Type: [String][172]

## imagePosition

### Parameters

*   `image` **[string][172]** optional, if specified image will be displayed left or right to the text, left is default
    Type left, right

## reload

Determines if navigation should force a page reload.

Type: [Boolean][174]

## name

### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][172]** Name attribute for the select dropdown. Optional.

## name

### Parameters

*   `name` **[string][172]** Name attribute for the input. Optional.

## addEventListener

An event listener that updates the `route` store when the browser's back/forward buttons are used.

## clickType

### Parameters

*   `type` **[string][172]** button type when in forms

## baseRoute

Determines if the dynamic prefix should be bypassed.
When set to true, the dynamic prefix stored in the prefix store is ignored.
Useful for base or root routes.

Type: [Boolean][174]

## fallbackCopyTextToClipboard

nepouzivat priamo toto je len fallback, volana iba z copyTextToClipboard

### Parameters

*   `text` &#x20;

## navigate

Navigates to a given path programmatically.

### Parameters

*   `path` **[string][172]** The path to navigate to.

## formId

### Parameters

*   `formId` **[string][172]** to determine form

## required

### Parameters

*   `required` **[boolean][174]** If set, the input will be required. Optional.

## updateSettings

### Parameters

*   `updateSettings` **[function][173]** function to update Settings of the card, only used in a dashboard view

## foreignLink

Indicates if the link is external to the SPA.

Type: [Boolean][174]

## action

Action that is run before redirect to url address

Type: [function][173]

## options

### Parameters

*   `options` **[Array][171]<[Array][171]<([string][172] | [number][176])>>** An array of options for the select dropdown. Each option is an array where the first element is the value and the second element is the display text.

### Examples

```javascript
options={[
        ["10", "10 minút"],
        ["60", "1 hodinu"],
        ["240", "4 hodiny"],
        ["480", "8 hodín"],
        ["1440", "1 deň"],
      ]}
```

## inline

### Parameters

*   `inline` **[boolean][174]** If set, the label will be on the left and the input on the right. Optional.

## inline

### Parameters

*   `inline` **[boolean][174]** If set, the label will be on the left and the input on the right. Optional.

## theme

### Parameters

*   `theme` **[String][172]** default one is 'default' other options are: 'dashed'

## selected

Determines if the current panel item is selected.

Type: [Boolean][174]

## navigateWithPrefix

Navigates to a given path programmatically, but with the added `currentPrefix`.
Useful for apps with base path or dynamic segment in the route.

### Parameters

*   `path` **[string][172]** The path to navigate to after the prefix.

## component

### Parameters

*   `component` **[String][172]** name of the card from card config

## collapsed

Indicates if the sidebar or panel is in a collapsed state.

Type: [Boolean][174]

## onCardStatesModified

### Parameters

*   `onCardStatesModified` **[function][173]** used to update states in a dashboard view

## setRead

Sets notification to state 'read'

### Parameters

*   `id`  id of the notification

## copyTextToClipboard

only after component mount

### Parameters

*   `text` &#x20;

## hasSubpages

If page has subpages /\*\* will be appended to end of link to stay selected in subpages
Warning! This option might trigger multiple navbar links to be selected

Type: [Boolean][174]

## isValidEmail

lib/utils/helpers/input.validation.ts

### Parameters

*   `email` **[string][172]** The email to validate

## remove

Deletes notification from database and removes it from page

### Parameters

*   `id`  id of the notification

## getPropsBy

Extracts named parameters from a site route based on the route pattern.

### Parameters

*   `siteRoute` **[string][172]** The actual route, e.g. "/user/123/profile".
*   `route` **[string][172]** The route pattern with named parameters, e.g. "/user/{id}/profile".

### Examples

```javascript
const props = getProps("/user/123/profile", "/user/{id}/profile");
  // props would be: { id: "123" }
```

Returns **[Object][175]** An object containing the named parameters and their corresponding values.

## isValidPasswordStrong

lib/utils/helpers/input.validation.ts

### Parameters

*   `password` **[string][172]** The password to validate

## isValidPasswordMedium

lib/utils/helpers/input.validation.ts

### Parameters

*   `password` **[string][172]** The password to validate

## isEmpty

Determines if an object (often a form object) is empty.

### Parameters

*   `obj` **[Object][175]** Object to check.

### Examples

```javascript
const formData = {
  name: 'John',
  age: 25
};
console.log(isEmpty(formData));  // Outputs: false
```

Returns **[boolean][174]** True if the object has no properties, false otherwise.

## registerServiceWorker

Registers a service worker that tries to send continuous notifications even when page is closed

## onLoad

callback po nacitani vybratych dat

### Parameters

*   `dataTypes`  vyber dat (array)
*   `callback`  funkcia po nacitani (argumenty v poradi ako vyber dat)

## askPermission

Asks for permission to send notifications trough browser

## getCookie

Gets a cookie by name

### Parameters

*   `name` &#x20;

[1]: #notfound

[2]: #modes

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #type

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #type-1

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #type-2

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #type-3

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #routerobj

[13]: #group

[14]: #parameters-5

[15]: #groupget

[16]: #parameters-6

[17]: #get

[18]: #parameters-7

[19]: #collapse

[20]: #parameters-8

[21]: #collapserec

[22]: #parameters-9

[23]: #resolveprops

[24]: #parameters-10

[25]: #resolve

[26]: #parameters-11

[27]: #regexroute

[28]: #parameters-12

[29]: #writable

[30]: #error

[31]: #parameters-13

[32]: #error-1

[33]: #parameters-14

[34]: #text

[35]: #parameters-15

[36]: #text-1

[37]: #parameters-16

[38]: #text-2

[39]: #message

[40]: #getmessage

[41]: #setmessage

[42]: #parameters-17

[43]: #ismessageset

[44]: #getmessageref

[45]: #resetmessage

[46]: #geterrortypes

[47]: #link

[48]: #parameters-18

[49]: #link-1

[50]: #parameters-19

[51]: #link-2

[52]: #parameters-20

[53]: #link-3

[54]: #label

[55]: #parameters-21

[56]: #label-1

[57]: #parameters-22

[58]: #getdefaultmode

[59]: #beehives

[60]: #beehive

[61]: #beehiveadd

[62]: #beehiveedit

[63]: #beehivetoken

[64]: #calendar

[65]: #help

[66]: #homepage

[67]: #notification

[68]: #settings

[69]: #test

[70]: #getcard

[71]: #parameters-23

[72]: #route

[73]: #image

[74]: #parameters-24

[75]: #image-1

[76]: #parameters-25

[77]: #image-2

[78]: #parameters-26

[79]: #url

[80]: #timeframefrom

[81]: #parameters-27

[82]: #fetchuser

[83]: #value

[84]: #parameters-28

[85]: #value-1

[86]: #parameters-29

[87]: #placeholder

[88]: #parameters-30

[89]: #getdata

[90]: #parameters-31

[91]: #onclick

[92]: #parameters-32

[93]: #onclick-1

[94]: #parameters-33

[95]: #onclick-2

[96]: #parameters-34

[97]: #geterrormessagebytype

[98]: #parameters-35

[99]: #small

[100]: #parameters-36

[101]: #small-1

[102]: #parameters-37

[103]: #cardstates

[104]: #parameters-38

[105]: #svg

[106]: #imageposition

[107]: #parameters-39

[108]: #reload

[109]: #name

[110]: #parameters-40

[111]: #name-1

[112]: #parameters-41

[113]: #addeventlistener

[114]: #clicktype

[115]: #parameters-42

[116]: #baseroute

[117]: #fallbackcopytexttoclipboard

[118]: #parameters-43

[119]: #navigate

[120]: #parameters-44

[121]: #formid

[122]: #parameters-45

[123]: #required

[124]: #parameters-46

[125]: #updatesettings

[126]: #parameters-47

[127]: #foreignlink

[128]: #action

[129]: #options

[130]: #parameters-48

[131]: #examples

[132]: #inline

[133]: #parameters-49

[134]: #inline-1

[135]: #parameters-50

[136]: #theme

[137]: #parameters-51

[138]: #selected

[139]: #navigatewithprefix

[140]: #parameters-52

[141]: #component

[142]: #parameters-53

[143]: #collapsed

[144]: #oncardstatesmodified

[145]: #parameters-54

[146]: #setread

[147]: #parameters-55

[148]: #copytexttoclipboard

[149]: #parameters-56

[150]: #hassubpages

[151]: #isvalidemail

[152]: #parameters-57

[153]: #remove

[154]: #parameters-58

[155]: #getpropsby

[156]: #parameters-59

[157]: #examples-1

[158]: #isvalidpasswordstrong

[159]: #parameters-60

[160]: #isvalidpasswordmedium

[161]: #parameters-61

[162]: #isempty

[163]: #parameters-62

[164]: #examples-2

[165]: #registerserviceworker

[166]: #onload

[167]: #parameters-63

[168]: #askpermission

[169]: #getcookie

[170]: #parameters-64

[171]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[172]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[173]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[174]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[175]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[176]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
